this is the crew of Apollo 13 wish
everybody there a nice evening and uh to
close out our inection of Aquarius and
get back for a pleasant evening and
odyssey good
night thank you 13
okay flight uh you read his uh pitch and
ya on his High Gain meter that's and now
you want roll right to
060 I might as well do that and we'll
try and get Comet Bennett I'd still like
a verification in the docking angle
because that's what we'll be using for
computations of all alignments and
everything
else uh let's see if there's anything
else go ahead eom okay well let's
terminate the battery B charge at uh 55
plus 5 zero okay and uh at the same time
i' sure like to have a Cryer all four
tanks well let's wait till they get
settled down a bit more gr like GNC go
GNC you would still like to reenable the
other two quads for the
maneuver okay when rolling to 060 you
want them to enable c and d right right
do you want them to disable A and B no
okay all four quads they have a couple
jet
maneuver copy Capcom
got it FL inco go inco I'd like to
confirm their configuration on their
High Gain now if I could i' like to know
what track mode they're in and and what
Servo Electronics they're in okay let's
just stand by one there enable CND D for
roll to 060 terminate battery B
charge okay the third thing we want up
there Capcom is to verify their High
Gain configuration and I assume what you
want from there is you want to know
their tracking position of track beam
width you don't need do you you want the
hole Works yes the whole
work Capcom we want the configuration of
the uh CSM High
Gain Apollo 13
Houston the next thing we'd like you to
do is
to we'd like you to roll right to 060
and know your rates for photography of
the Comet Bennett to do that we'd like
you to enable quad
CND for the maneuver use all your
quad and in precisely one minute we'd
like you to terminate
the battery charge and Battery
B and one other request we'd like to
have you done one other request we'd
like to have you verify your High Gain
configuration we'd like to know what
track mode what Servo and what beam
width okay Jack during the TV we were
auto track nrow Beam with and a primary
Electronics anything okay
no and we had a good lock up uh just
after we started the maneuver I was able
to lock you up and at uh real good
signal strikes and it just seemed that
right there at about
239° uh in ya that the uh signal stength
uh would just drop off and uh ya would
go to zero and Pitch would go to
90 and the TV show was great flight GNC
GNC can we verify that they reenable C4
okay I'm going to maneuver to
09 and okay verify that they re you're
showing it disabled yet yes cap time
we're still seeing C4 Thruster
disabled and 13 we'd like to Che C Eon
go we've got 40 amp hours back in
battery B now
okay you got it
okay okay all flight controllers I want
to go around the horn and pick up
anything you need configuration wise
tell them you go ahead uh you still
worried about any configuration items uh
negative the uh LM heater current
indicates that uh the limo was properly
closed out uh they apparently have not
closed the limo hat yet okay so you're
happy that you don't need him to verify
that uh what was it activation 2 three
of those pages we were on that's right
it was tlc2 and we're happy
okay five g go guidance we ask about the
docking index again cap will get that
for
me and uh we got a reading of uh - 2° in
the docking uh index we'd like to uh
know if that's 2.0 precise or if it's
2.1 or
1.9 now
it's. precisely okay got your answer
guidance got you f okay go with it
okay GNC you got any configuration items
here uh negative fight Capcom looks like
the last item we uh need here is a stir
and the H2 and O2 at their convenience
okay 13 we've got one more item for you
when you get a chance we'd like it to uh
stir up your cryo tanks in addition I
have a shaft and Tron okay for a look at
the comment benit if you need
it okay stand
by for
flight
gun go guys uh we finally got our Delta
H update
uh do you want to just read it up to the
crew or Uplink
it uh let's see now can we collapse dead
bands and do all that good stuff if we
uplink
care uh yeah that why we just red up to
them uh if they enter it through the
disy are they going to do it stand by
one now we haven't stable out in that uh
attitude yet so I don't think we're
going to have any problems I don't think
there's any problem they haven't opened
up deadbands yet yeah that's that's just
what I'm saying the time to do it is now
guidance flight guidance go guidance is
as long as he's in poo and don't
reselect it uh he can uh Uplink it or
enter it himself or we can do it either
it doesn't
[Applause]
matter okay
uh why don't you got to pass the data
for the crew checklist anyway on board
don't you right don't you got a page
update well why don't we read it up to
them and that'll serve both
purposes all right both have them matter
it as well as why don't you tell them
what page you want it in the check
okay flight tell you go tell we show the
Lim overhead hatches closed and the uh
heater current looks normal
okay five g go guidance we've had a
hardware restart I don't know what it
was
okay GNC you want to look at it see if
you see any
problems Raj we're copying at Capcom we
see a hardware
restart you see an AC bus undervolt
there guidance or uh Ecom negative
flight believe the crew reported we got
a main B under okay we've got some
instrumentation finds let me let me add
them
up okay standby 13 we're looking at it
we may have had an instrumentation
problem
flight in go go we switched to wide Beam
with about the time you had that problem
it's looking
good and we had a pretty large bang
associated with the caution and warning
there and as I recall m b was the one
that bike on it once before
okay
Roger enco you say you want the wide
beam with there
yes let's see if we can correlate those
times get the time when you want to wide
beam there
enco
theel do we have the flood lights off
now yeah we can determine that from
the on see now an2 quantity to it's was
oscill down around 20 to 60% now it's
full scale high
again
Roger and Houston we had a restart on
our computer we had and uh and restart
reset Roger we copyed
that
and res
uh and I'm looking at our service module
RCS helium one we have B is Barber and D
is
Barber is
Barber and secondary I have a
and
temperates okay
you seeing any AC problems look like a
lot of instrumentation problems there go
ahead
that's he's flipping a fuel cells around
flight well let's get some
recommendation here s if you got any
better
ideas s what do you want to do hold your
own and
uh s if you got a Sig sensor type
problem there or what flon go ahead he's
got uh fuel cells one and three are
offline we've got main a volts we have
no main V volts have attempt to re uh
reconnect the fuel cells fuel cell one
to main a fuel
cell uh three to main B okay fuel let's
just try that one back to main a fuel
cell three back to main B main a three
to main B let's see what happens okay
now is there do we have have
instrumentation
problems well we lost a it does appear
we've lost AC bus 2
voltage main B is reading
uh uh four volts and that effectively
takes ac2 away from us okay the
uh yeah and he reported barber poles on
the uh on the fuel cells
FL let's see if we can get our DC back
go ahead GNC verify that the quad Delta
helium valves are
open now you seeing an attitude problem
or you seeing some high levels that are
giving you problem no it's some low
pressures in the the fuel and oxidizer
uh which would be symptomatic of the
helium valve closing and firing some
Jets quad number two helium valve open
quad Delta quad
Delta helium valve open right
right capc do you want to verify that
quad Delta the helium valve is open
please any other problems in the RCs
okay uh is that all we come up with
for him we got any other
recommendations yeah we wanted to get
fuel cell one configured Dom main a fuel
cell three to main B did you pass that
up let attempt that
point 13 Houston we'd like you to
attempt to reconnect this seems to be AC
type problems and maybe tie it into that
tie gain thing you got Delta is open we
went went to wide Beam with flight at
55554 the best we can
tell okay Houston I'm I tried to reset
and Fu one
three
flag but they're both Z on
the I copy
flight let me let me miserate on it
is there any kind of leads we can give
them are we looking at instrumentation
we got a real problem or
what Rog flight econ go econ let's
reverse a configuration request okay but
wait a minute we got a good main a bus
let's make sure that whatever we do
doesn't screw up main a fuel cell 2 is
on Main a flight I'm not going to ask to
change that okay what do you want to do
let's try to put fuel cell one on Main B
Fuel Cell three on Main a we'll use the
other uh sensing
circuitry fuel cell number one on Main B
Fuel Cell
three on Main
a we're not going to touch fuel sell to
flight okay but if we get any problems
in the system I want to make sure that
we don't blow the voltage off Main a
then we're not going to be able to see
anything you got can we review our
status here Sai and see what we've got
from a standpoint of status what do you
think we got in a spacecraft that's good
main bus a is reading 25 volts okay main
a and that's reflected by the fact uh
fuel sell to is putting out the 53 amps
which is just about the most it can and
keep our voltage up okay so that's
Bonafide AC bus 2 is zero which is
reflected by the fact we lost main B
AC
bus stand by
fly zero
output FL come
go ahead okay uh if we want to keep
M stand by change configuration got
battery a on Main a here
for go ahead so that's what I was going
to ask you to put a battery on flight
flight inco go in we need
Bravo or high won't drive without
ac2 okay you want Omni Bravo right
AC you don't think we're going to be
able to get high bit rate data here do
you on the omn we may be we got the 210
you got the 210 okay that'll save a bit
of power Capcom recommend selection of
omni Bravo please it's Charlie now he's
manuvering Omni Charlie
affirmative 13 Houston we need omn
charie please
you got
it okay fly we got Omni Charlie High bit
rate okay you have high bit rate now off
the 210 right on the okay
flight econ go Ecom okay let's get a
read out on a couple fuel cell pressures
here okay uh fuel cell one and two
pressure fuel cell 302 pressure we're
reading uh zero and two pressure and
fuel cell one and 13 PSI on fuel cell
302 pressure okay you want fuel cell
one and two pressure and two pressure
fuel cell three what do you want there
O2 pressure O2 pressure Capcom let's get
those as a
start
go one one is hard where restart he was
doing a crew toine maneuver and uh that
should have killed it but we're still
moving
got to stop it are we using RCS now
n that oygen on
three
okay GNC and
flight GNC from
flight GNC did you see any problems in
Quad D helium valve does that look like
that's cleared up r that cleared up
flight we're in good shape okay now are
we using RCS now that's a affirmative
we're going to have to switch some
thrusters over to main a to hold
attitude here okay uh how much RCS we
used oh we've used uh I would guess 25
lb okay give me a Minimum fuel usage
configuration that'll keep me attitude
Raj I tell you go tell you the Lim
heater currents become essentially
static Raj let's solve one problem at a
Time come back to me later on in it
and two Baker which is oygen
says two Baker says six and say again
the other
one f one nitrogen Z Roger
zero we confirming those
numbers that's
I need that RCS stuff as soon as
you can get it R flight he's turned off
all Jets now okay okay we came up with
those numbers
flight okay Sai give me
your next best thing to try
Ecom for flight flight Ecom go ahead
uh why don't we try leave fuel cell two
alone and just make sure that one and
three are disconnected from both buses
and make sure that there's AB won't be
any load on them at all and let's see
what happens to those
cells okay there what do you want to do
open circuit fuel cell one and three
that's for employ okay
Capcom let's recommend we open circuit
fuel cell number one and number three
and leave fuel cell number two as
is okay 1 and three open circuit two as
is and earlier got a report from them
that uh one and three were reading gray
but zero flow yeah Capcom let's amend
that Ecom from flight flight Ecom why
don't we just open circuit one and make
sure that we don't have any problems
getting that back onto the bus let's
just watch it for a while before we make
any further moves with three Roger okay
Capcom let's just open circuit one of
those right
now 13 Houston we'd like you to open
circuit fuel cell one leave two and
three as
is okay I'll get work on
that2 that's rer that's the AC
from yeah AC looking the
we are Ving
something crew thinks they're venting
something Roger we copy your
Ving copy that
flight okay let's everybody think of the
kind of things we'd be vetting GNC you
get anything that looks abnormal in your
system negative f
how about you econ you see anything that
uh with the instrumentation you got that
could be
vening Fu you
justed let me look at the system F the
vending is concerned okay let's start
scanning I assume you've called in your
backup
ecomes Ecom flight say again you called
in your backup EC coms now see if we can
get some more brain power in this thing
we got one here R inco go inco uh he's
never mind he's you up a little bit okay
okay now let's everybody keep cool we
got the limb still attached the limb
spacecraft's good so if we need uh to
get back home we got a limb to do a good
portion of it with okay let's make sure
that we don't do anything that's going
to blow our CSM electrical power with
the batteries or that will cause us to
lose the main or the fuel cell number
two okay we want to keep the O2 and that
kind of stuff working we like to have
RCS but we got the command module system
so we're in good shape if we need to get
home let's solve the problem but let's
not make it any worse by guessing
flight
GNC go GNC they have some jet
configurations for you whenever you need
them
okay give them to
me okay Charlie 3 Charlie four to main
a Bravo three and Bravo four to
May Charlie 1 and Charlie 2 M stand
by yeah it's all a quad Charlie on Main
a okay plus Bravo three and Bravo
four now what are we going to be doing
with these GC that'll give us one jet in
each Direction and each axis okay flight
guidance go guidance he's getting close
to gimble loock Capcom okay Capcom
recommend he bring up C3 C4 B3 B4 C1 C2
and Main a and advise e getting close to
gimble loock 13 Houston we
see guidance from flight go ahead could
we uh go to a course line on the
platform here so we don't have to use
any gas if we need to we could reorient
if necessary I was going to recommend a
p52 in a little bit well we're it's
going to take a while before we get to
the point where we're even thinking of a
p-52
yeah it'll course the line itself there
won't
it it'll course the line at 8 we got
it okay can you tell us anything about
the vening uh where it's coming from uh
what window you see it
at it's coming out of window one right
now Jack and could you give me the
thrusters again okay the thrusters what
bus we'd like uh on Main a we'd like
char 1 2 3 and
four also Bravo three and four on Main
a okay got
it okay come I'm coming back to you
flight go ahead uh I think the best
thing we can do right now is start a
power down okay uh let's go down the the
emergency
1-5 want to power down let us look at
the TM and all that good stuff and then
come back up that's F flight Ino Omni
Bravo you want Omni Bravo again right on
board Omni
Bravo Capcom recommend Omni
Bravo okay what do you want to go to uh
power down give me the page uh emergency
1-5 flight we'll go down uh try to get a
Delta of 10 amps R reduction
okay we got Omni Bravo
flight Ecom do you want to go through
that again what do you want to power
down to I want to power down a total of
10 amps FL a total of 10 amps that's
right
okay Capcom we'd recommend emergency
power down checklist 1-5 we want a power
down a total or a Al of 10 amps from
where we are now like GNC go GNC can we
afford to do a PTC first and then we we
shut off all of that stuff with no
problems uh why you think you're going
to have a thermal problem here well we
could have uh if we stay there too long
or okay we'll run into that one later
Buck okay I want to get our major
problem sorted out now you want still
want one D5 down one D5 powered down
Delta of 10 amps
SCC okay 13 this is Houston we'd like
you to go to your GNC checklist pink
Pages
1-5 to uh power down until we get a
Delta of 10 amps
over
right eom from
flight go flight you don't want to get
fuel cell pumps off do you
Optics power is already off I believe we
can do that on fuel cell number one
flight okay well let's make sure we
don't blow the whole
mission okay Jack
that okay we'd like you to uh go down
that power down procedure until you get
a Delta of 10 amps
over flight Eon go Eon would you not
want to consider going into
PTC well why don't we get this problem
here resolved right now our power down I
think pardon we should ate our power
down I'd hope wouldn't
it well do you expect that we're going
to be in a thermal problem for the next
many hours
Eon well I don't know where Theta sun is
right now flight well it's pretty close
to quad a right now
we
[Music]
90° I don't know exactly where it's
between A and B mostly on
a did
located that's in your system checklist
page-5
and 13 you might also check for those
pages in your launch
checklist p p Pages D5 and we'd like to
GNC from
flight GNC Buck I'd prefer not to make
any unnecessary Maneuvers now or uh try
to use any of the equipments on board
the spacecraft such things as CMC that
type stuff until we nail down what our
problem
is well that's why I was recommending
PTC because we don't need any of that
stuff then heaters or anything else yeah
but you got to get the uh CMC on and
keep it online and you need a rather
precise period of time for uh rate
damping
there we order a 20 minutes to damp out
and then spin up and then we can do
without any
event if we get a good spin up going
then we're okay that might be a good
idea that would buy us some more time
from a standpoint of uh reviewing the
data and it'll get us back into the
uh as close to the normal flight plan as
we
could uh how far are we out of attitude
right
now oh he's a Fairways out right now
flight he do another verb 49 and fly
back and then stabilize
there for
flighty con just a go e Come okay I need
one thing right now he's powering down
he's down to 41 amps total spacecraft
I'd like to get uh my ac2 bus back so I
can look at O2 tank 2 pressure I I have
no insight into that
okay let's get uh I guess we can put the
inverter uh three to main a
ac2 me askor before you do that would
you like to make sure you got all AC
load you don't need isolated from the
bus n let's not do that right now F I
think we're in good shape that way the
main a is up high enough where it can
handle the inverter well the thing that
concerns me is starting is throwing
equipment we we had a problem we don't
know the cause of the problem I've Got a
Feeling we've lost two fuel
cells I hate to put it that way but uh I
don't know why we've lost them it
doesn't all tag up and it's not an
instrumentation problem the best I can
tell right
now okay I'll tell you what let's
discuss this for just a little bit
longer there SC Capcom start them moving
back towards a PTC attitude let's start
him going into his rate dapping I feel
it's going to be a relatively long
period time to try and down the problem
go ahead he's asking how do we like his
ampage set up right
now are you happy with his power level
right
now flight in ahead i' like to for him
to secure the High Gain before he starts
in
PTC giving us R Jack both in pitch and
roll so I that maybe it's whatever it is
that's Ving back there I've had to use
uh Direct in order to stabilize this and
as what's firing now you got something
firing well we've seen quite quite a bit
of Thruster activity okay I guess this
kills the PTC too because we're not
going to get into PTC as long as I got
something venting
[Music]
rage flight that agrees with what we're
seeing here flight Ecom go Ecom uh I got
a little correction let's put inverter
one on both AC buses please m one and
both AC firm so I can get some uh AC bus
power back so I can have some insight
into my uh AC bus 2 tet especially in my
crows maybe the vending may be coming
from
that uh and also I think that the uh
fuel cell two pumps are on ac2 and this
will take care of it without switching
the pumps
yet say that again you think fuel sell
pumps yeah fuel sell two pumps I think
or on ac2 okay but according to the
checklist he should have powered he
should have turned those off
right oh he said he was down to bag
number two is in warm-up so he's already
gone through the fuel cell pump stuff
good
enough okay so uh you want the configure
inverter one on both AC buses that's a
firm flight
uh flight I didn't uh I Wasing uh to the
spacecraft uh and I didn't pass up
inverter 3 to man to ac2 did you delete
that we deleted that all right
uh you want to put inverter one in both
AC buses Ecom and Capcom let's do it
okay
1 Houston we need to get some more
instrumentation up we'd like you to
put AC monitor this Barrel when we
switch it
in
okay tell me and control from flight go
flight will you take a look at your
prelaunch data and go through your
system see if there's anything you've
got that may have started vending here
Roger flat okay and I want to reporting
that in about the next 15 minutes quick
look type stuff
okay flight F go f we're definitely
seeing event in the data okay
and one of the items that we turned off
was the all the fuel cell pum Raj we
copyed that
capc
us
fuell pump we take that fuel sell
flighty time go ahead fuel cell two pump
sty one you want fuel cell two pump to
ac1 Capcom fuel cell two pump to ac1
okay Fred we want fuel cell two pumps to
ac1
please
AC
okay Ecom for flight flight e have you
got anybody getting a delog in this
thing
downstairs network from flight Flight
Network bring me up another computer in
the rtcc William uh we got uh one
machine on the rtcc and we got dual CPS
downstairs okay I want another machine
up in the rtcc and I want a bunch of
guys capable of running doogs down there
Roger that right did you hear him say
he's getting U some rates we want to
know if he's firing any thrusters Raj
GNC watch those thrusters will you GNC
say again have you got any thrusters
firing uh we're looking at that C3
Thruster flight that looks like it's
stays on most of the time well can we
turn them all off and see if we still
got the rates or any buildup in rates
well the rate that we're seeing is
opposite to the direction of that
Thruster so if anything it's just trying
to hold and not quite up to it okay but
he's been trying to counteract their
rates with
direct he's been getting a negative
pitch and a negative roll
okay but he asked if we were getting
some uh Thruster firings that were not
being made by him
I'll tell you what uh GNC can you get
somebody in the back room to try to
figure out what the equivalent Delta V
is we're
getting uh so that we can see if we can
backtrack to see if we can figure out
what's
venting now there was it would seem we
could equate that to effective thrust
and an axis and then deduce what's
vending RS will give it a tri flight
okay and that might be of interest to
the 11 guys hey he also said it was
coming past window number one we got
that need Omni Charlie Omni Charlie
Capcom om
Charlie econ from flight what did
uh okay you got two good AC buses what
did all that tell you
now it it tells me that uh well just
give me about two more minutes fight
okay take your
time okay 13 we've got lots and lots of
people working on this we'll get you
some some uh dope as soon as we have it
and then you'll be the first one to
know thank
you okay Jack and the way configuration
we're sitting in now is we have the
hatch installed we still have the probe
and droke inside the command modle we're
going to
stay in this situation you us
reinst con
capc tell me we
copy fight go f two machines the rtcc
okay
for
e e
flight GNC go GNC it would like to turn
Thruster Alpha 3 on Main a and see if
that'll help control that pitch and at
the same time we can turn off Charlie 3
okay give me some real time plotting and
how we're using RCS here will you garage
flight u in the pitch axis we really
don't seem to be using any and that's
why I would like to go to Alpha and see
if that changes it any okay now what do
you want again Thruster Alpha 3 to main
a alpha 3 to main
a capc want to pass that up to the crew
please 13 we like to have you put
Thruster Alpha 3 on man a please give me
a gross amount of RCs propellent
consumed so
far
GNC Roger flly it'll take 30 seconds
okay are
youor that's affirmative flight we're
still below the limits flighton come uh
We've really got to get that battery off
the line and power down some more and uh
we've got to get some main B power back
so we can uh build our pressure back up
an O2 tank one it's uh down to 318 PSI
see with M down we have no uh we have no
heaters in O2 tanks what do you want to
power down well where do you say you got
down to bmag 2 off not inclusive that's
affirmative bmag 2 is in warm up I think
we'll go ahead and turn that down we
have still have the limb with us right
that's okay
so if we shut down the SCS we ought to
be a little better off perhaps I think
we ought to press on and go down through
bmag 2 off and get those lights
minimum okay how much you want to power
down another 10 amps Del get the B mag
off and get the lights down to a minimum
let's go down two more steps okay Capcom
we want to power down a little bit
more want to get the BM mag off and
lights minimum
there 13
we'd like to power down just a little
bit more so let's get bag 2
off and make sure your lights are down
over okay our lights are down going
stand okay sigh now how
long do you want to leave this battery
online I want to try to get off as quick
as I can but I need to power
down yeah the the crew did report they
removed fuel cell three they open
circuited it also didn't they I don't
believe so fuel cell one and Fuel Cell 3
should be open circuited uh we just had
our last call for fuel cell one open
circuit and uh we left fuel cell three
as it was well let's take this open
circuit fuel cell open circuit fuel cell
three get it off the
bus flight
GNC calling flight s again this GNC
flight go ahead yeah we've used a total
of about 70 lb RCS uh would' like to
change jet configuration and see if
that'll help us out
any okay what do you want to try now
they would like to turn to Bravo Jets
all to the off and all Delta to main
a turn all Bravo off and Delta to main a
right right that will verify that it
isn't a Bravo Thruster that's causing
the problem with the
attitudes okay capcon we'd like to turn
all Bravo Jets
off and all Delta Jets to main
a
Roger flight econ go econ let's uh take
battery a off the main we can support
the uh main now on the one fuel cell
even with the cry2 going down that's
that's a firm flight okay what's your
worry level on
cry2 say again flight okay you want to I
want to save the battery for flight
okay see what battery have we got online
side say again what battery have we got
online battery Alpha flight battery a
okay the next step of course we'll then
think we got to worry about getting some
power on main B to get the pressure back
up NO2 tank one G Turn battery a off
Capcom 13 Houston turn battery a off
flight econ go t isolate the sech tank
also and save it we use the crow as much
as we
can uh say that again let's isolate the
surge tank man module I don't understand
that sign I don't want to I want to use
the cryo as much as possible but that
would seem to be the opposite if you
want to keep the fuel cell going the
fuel cells are fed off the uh the tanks
in the service module flight the surch
tank is in the Command
Module we want to save the surge tank
which we need for entry okay I'm with
you I'm with you Roger Capcom let's also
isolate the surge
tank okay you want to isolate the surge
tank O2 surge tank right yeah what we're
really doing is securing our entry
systems right
now 13 Houston we'd like you to to
isolate your O2 surge tank
over search Bank off now
Jack okay Jack are you copying
uh yeah we're trying to figure out some
way to get power on uh bus B to get the
power to that tank standby we're working
on it
okay he come from
flight he come from
would you consider put a battering
battery on bus B long enough to get the
pressure up well I'm trying to I want to
determine whether or not the uh the the
five amps is going to hurt us any that's
going to be in main a incidentally I
made a mistake O2 tank one heaters are
main a now we got main a with us haven't
we
flight econ go Eon okay since O2 tank
one heaters are on Main a and we've got
them off now uh we'll be able to stand
the 5 amps uh temporarily uh for a
manual
pressurization Let's uh have them turn
the heaters on manually NO2 tank
one and we'll watch the pressure tank
one okay we had a uh service
Scenic O2 heater one
FL flight we copy that no problem no
problem
Capcom Capcom we want to get cryo 02
tank number one heater
on cry Fu cell one Fu cell
main Roger we copy them and we'd like to
build up the pressure in O2 tank one so
turn the heers on manually we the
pressure for
you you can stand the five amps on Main
a we think so
flight we realize that we feel we can
stand five
more
okay
okay did you see your 5 amp increase in
current there come
that's firm flight okay 26.7 volts looks
good we'll watch the pressure uh flight
uh to be consistent we ought to isolate
the repress package
also okay you want to isolate repress
P hey Ste from
flight get one of your guys fulltime in
the back room keeping track of the
spacecraft configuration as we pass it
up to the crew you might use Larry why
don't you stay on get Larry in the back
room to keep track of configuration
stuff we give to the crew okay fine okay
and we've got the voice recorder we're
starting to transcribe that okay now has
anybody started to delog of the initial
problem you've got a dlog gone if you
got people that are going to be in a
position to evaluate
waited
okay tell them you and control from
flight go flat Roger I Want Lim Manning
Around the Clock Roger flight Eon go
ahead Eon uh I want the fans on and uh
O2 tank one we're not seeing a pressure
increase we can stand it you can stand
it that's
fans on in tank one right perimet
flight Cap Com you want to bring the
fans on AMP
okay okay he's got an MCW for uh varied
reasons we'd like you to additionally
bring on the fans in O2 tank one and uh
we can stand the additional amperage on
that
like
GNC go ahead GNC it looks like the
vehicle stabilized considerably over the
last few
minutes okay that could mean one of two
things either whatever was venting is
stopped venting it's empty or do you
feel it could also be associated with
the
uh Thruster quad Bravo we just isolated
uh it's possible flight uh we really
don't know yet though okay are we
essentially in a uh can you figure out
what orientation we are from a
standpoint of thermal
control I assume what's our rate right
now uh right now he has a minus 10th of
a degree in pitch and yawn roller very
close to zero okay flight Eon go ahead
Eon the pressure and O2 tank one is all
the way down to 297 we better think
about getting in the Lim or using the
Lim systems I'm going to have to power
way down I don't know if I'm going to be
able to save the O2 for the third fuel
cell for fuel cell 2
rather the heaters aren't working now
let's start thinking circuit breakers
you got any circuit breakers you want to
check
there yeah we
check we saw the current flight you saw
the
current okay look let's check it anyway
F you're right it looks like it's
cycling up a PCM count from 297 to 302
give me some circuit breakers to check
okay uh
226 trenic O2 heater 1 Main a circuit
breaker I'm sorry I I didn't catch you
there cryo 02 tank one panel 226 cryo 02
heater 1 Main a panel
226 also
flight let's let's check the uh fan
motor circuit breakers tank one on panel
also fan motor
fan motors tank one they're three
circuit breakers three
phase get that
capc I've got the 226 cryo 02 heater 1
mana and uh cryo fan motors tank one
three of them on that's right all three
phases Ecom I don't think we're going to
come to any solution here until we get
back to the initial set of conditions so
I hope you got a set of guys looking at
a dlog pretty soon
cryo O2 heater number one main
a and check the three cryo fan motors
tank one tell them you from flight go
ahead flight I want you to get some guys
figuring out minimum power in the Lim to
sustain life Roger
okay is
configured just like it should be I got
uh three react
Breakers three rad Breakers open
all the rest are
closed okay Fred thank
you got the circuit
breakers all in
FL roaj copy all circuit breakers in
Jack looking outside the number of
particles has diminished greatly almost
SE now indicate maybe one Ving has
almost stopped
rer Jack thank you we
copy flighty go ahead don't we have both
BS
off
Roger Capcom would you verify that both
B mags are off
please and 13 we'd like to verify that
both B mags are off
please uh negative we just have uh one b
you want to bring it off
righty cap let's get it off okay Jack
let's take B one
off number one off
cap G from
flight go will you get a cockpit panel
one two layout and have the crew just
get the thing and is have the crew read
across all instruments all gauges and
write down exactly what they read in
those
things okay you want a uh survey of
panels one and two on gauges yeah okay
and talk backs H that's affirmative
figure out some code that you can
use and uh I think that's something we
should have got started a while
ago 13 this is we like you to give us a
survey of U your displays on mdc's one
and two uh give us gaugings and talk
about see that juice is still going down
there Ecom got any more
suggestions
okay flighton any more suggestions and
trying to pump up O2 tank one pressure
no uh flight we're going to hit 100 PSI
in an hour and 54 minutes
that's the end right
there okay 100
PS5 less than two hours now
[Music]
okay
r
onrc
pH from plight go ahead flight whatever
planning you do I want to do assuming
that we're going around the moon and
we're using the limb for performing the
maneuver because in the present
configuration unless we get a heck of a
lot smarter I think we're wasting our
time planning and using the SPs okay fly
so I think all of our return to earth
type planning should be assuming the uh
use of the Lamb dips and our
RCS and I think third priority down the
line should be CSM RCS okay and I'm
assuming that you'd want fastest
possible
return uh yeah I think that's the case
okay we'll we'll work on it from that
sideline should be no problem I copy
that f
flighty go ahead e Come okay listen
there is a possibility that we blew uh a
O2 line in one of the fuel cells and
it's effectively manifolded there of
course now I'm I want to shut off one of
the the reactant valves to one of the
fuel cells and that would be fuel cell
three since its O2 pressure is gone now
Fuel Cell One's O2 pressure is trying to
stay up there at 45 PSI maybe the
problem is in fuel cell
three that sounds like a good assumption
right there yeah fuel cell 3 is lost
anyway as far as flight GNC go GNC could
turn Charlie one Thruster
off you want to turn Charlie one off one
well looks like we're getting a lot of
firing out for no no reason
okay Capcom recommend Thruster C1 two
off say again play Thruster C1 two off
C1 and two off no C1
off I added a word in there turn
Thruster C1 off we'd like to have C1
[Music]
off come from flight flight Eon why you
show me where you think that problem is
okay Clint's coming up
thege
34%
temperat about
the temperature is
72 353
fuel
fuel right now we got an2
flight
come go ahead e we need to get the uh
make sure the inline heaters for fuel
cells one and three are
off is about4
Eon from flight you want to shut off
both reactant valves to fuel cell number
three anyway flight okay and the inline
heater off in fuel cells one and three
please what we're proposing supposing
here Capcom is we may have a had some
problem in fuel cell number three since
that's the one that's reading no O2
right now and we may be losing our O2
through fuel cell uh number three the O2
manifold in as much as they manifolded
together
commonly uh looks like the O2 and fuel
cell one and two seem to be trying to
stay up
there and Fuel Cell three looks like
it's the Oddball here
Capcom let's close the reactant valve to
fuel cell number three okay close Rea
and valve to fuel cell number
three and um you're saying that the one
and two look okay well what it looks
like it looks like the pressure is
trying to stay up there and this is the
best guess we've got right now because
we got to stop this O2
flow
okay okay 13 this is it appears
us2 flight GNC go GNC more jet
reconfiguration to see if we can hold
the attitude okay like to turn Charlie
to off why are we interested in holding
attitude if we're not vetting why not
drift for a while that'd probably be
better from a standpoint of thermal
control anyway wouldn't
it I think we'd like to get into a
control drift rather than just some
random thing
PL stay by
AFF the react valve on fuel
cell
okay go to the SSR page you want to go
through that smash Fu cut you want them
to go through that whole smash for fuel
cell sh down so I assume you do heaters
no
Ecom that's a firm flight he's gone
through much of it already by the pumps
off okay you want him to go through the
whole fuel cell shut down down heaters
heaters reactive valves and uh the pump
scour he's already got okay have them go
ahead Capcom and get the inline heaters
off on fuel cell one also flly inline
heaters off and fuel cell one right
we'll cut the current requirement down
that
way okay 13 we want you to turn the
inline heers off on fuel cell
one and we want you to go through the
fuel cell shut down procedure on fuel
cell
C holding up sounds like he's going out
how you doing there enco from a
standpoint of omni switching we might be
a little better on Bravo okay can you
figure me out some way to keep
Communications and yet cut down a bit in
the load we might talk to Ecom on it
okay we can turn the tape recorder off
Ecom from flight flight Ecom you don't
need the tape recorder do you heck no
let's get it
off it may be already off but that's one
thing we don't need let's go down to
list as much of that inco stuff we can
get fight I think that's about the one
biggy right there think that's about the
only thing we can give up we turn the
power amp off we won't get high that
right capc from flight go it's also
verified tape record off PL please okay
I think we um I don't think we got down
that far on the list did we we want the
B mags and that was lights B mags and
lights and I think we stopped right
there yeah yeah that's firm flight tap
we'll skip a step and go to tap recorder
off verify that the rec is
offe that's
afd meet recovery recovery
Loop what was that cap
come wake up in fine what was that
guidance he had an 0618 and couldn't get
rid of it he's got rid of it now
flight final
okay flly I had him reading off a lot of
gauge readings we got over to fuel cell
3 and uh I hope your people are copying
all this down uh did you get it in some
kind of Master we got it on tape I'm
sure we can get it off the tape that's
affirmed I'd say I have 9 95% of the
ones okay
thank you
flight FAL go FAL when assist men can
stand it I need two minutes for a
checkpoint to save all this
data I don't see why we couldn't uh Ecom
GNC can you stand a checkpoint right
now well it only takes a minute I guess
I'll have to if we need it flight go
yeah I think it'd be good to get a
checkpoint go ahead Ecom have you
deduced anything uh have you seen your
uh reactant valves go off you seen flow
CE you can't tell flight they're open
circuited and the
pressure still appears to be going down
yeah
uh negative
f flight come go come we better
confirmed that the fuel cell uh uh three
reactant valve circuit breaker on panel
226 was closed when he shut those fuel
cell three reactant circuit breaker in
what panel
226 do normally
open okay good
idea you want them uh close the circuit
breaker valve
yeah yeah yeah fly you should have got a
bar pull on it
yeah wouldn't he get a barber pole when
he uh turned the reactants off e FL even
with the circuit breaker open no no no
okay so he ought to know that we can
just verify that he got
a okay flight we have our checkpoint
okay all flight controllers I'd suggest
you start handing over because I think a
fresh team is probably going to be
thinking clearer I think the rest of us
can continue working in some other
function in support of the new team
coming on go on Thruster A4 flight
okay Omni
Charlie okay
okay Jack bring A4 on uh stop your pit
right okay that got
it and 13 we need I'm Charlie
please I
Charlie and Freda we'd like to have you
verify fuel cell reactants talk back is
Barber
po uh that's I watched it and it went
bber pole as I through the
switch Roger
okay all flight controllers I'm handing
over to Glenn I assume the majority of
other team
guys are uh pretty much briefed and up
to speed as best we can now what I'd
suggest is the white team do two things
they go over the
doogs okay uh let me go back over this
again we're heading over to Glenn I'd
suggest a white team goes back and
starts going through through the dlog of
the data in other words let's see if we
can go back to the initial conditions
and work in that problem to see if we
can find out what happened and we may
find some better Clues as to what to do
and let the fresh guys come on and try
to figure out where do we go from
here and the dlog is in way
now Rog